and so it begins
welcome to the fantastic world
we danced Oh his life is fantastic
pure wild animal craziness his wife is
fantastic if what I think is happening
is happening it better not be his
neighbor's not so fantastic
this is Boggis Bunce and bean three of
the meanest nastiest ugliest farmers and
his valley what was that but they're
about to discover Oh foxy is help on the
way he's won Fox I've got an idea
you can outfox small what do you got I
can see in the dark I can use that
planet I'm fast
badger demolitions expert what says when
here put these bandit heads on I don't
have a bandit head but I modified this
tube sack look good yeah the only
securities the old honey beagles laced
some blueberries with sleeping powder
beagles love blueberries a titanium card
what's this thing you do the whistle
with the clicking sound that's my
trademark we're different we all are him
especially but there's something kind of
fantastic about that isn't there I can
fight my own planet no you can't I guess
we should start doing something right
this muscle
this far forget super that was close rat
be careful Oh Hans ignore incredible I
can't fit through there you are know why
oh because I'm little it's all about
fantastic you really are fantastic
I try fantastic mr. Fox is likable this
fence might be electric well I just hope
it doesn't mean thunder because I have a
phobia that
[Music]